# uvAyRETT https://modelica.org/libraries/

he provided code snippet is a comment containing the name "uvAyRETT" and a link to the Modelica libraries website. It does not contain any executable code. The code block does not require any additional code beyond the immediate scope.

Modelica Libraries

A collection of free and commercial libraries.

This page contains a list of Modelica libraries (both free and commercial).

The listed libraries are sorted by:

    Free standard conform libraries developed by the Modelica Association
    Free other libraries developed by the Modelica Association
    Free libraries provided by users of Modelica
    Free older libraries developed by the Modelica Association (deprecated)
    Commercial libraries

Note that the usage of a Modelica library requires a Modelica simulation environment, see the tools page.

The libraries from the Modelica Association and most free libraries can be used in commercial products according to The Modelica License.
Library documentation

Below you find some links to the library documentation provided by different tools
	
Modelica-Collage-250px.png 	The HTML documentation of the latest release of the Modelica Standard Library can be found under: http://doc.modelica.org.
OpenModelicaLogoSmall.svg 	The HTML documentation of most of the user libraries as listed below is generated by the OpenModelica team and is accessible under: https://build.openmodelica.org/Documentation
Open-Source Libraries

To list your library here, please use the issue tracker.
Commercial Libraries

To propose changes to this list, use a GitHub pull request.
Name 	Description 	Developer 	Distributor(s)
Air Conditioning Library 	Commercial library for air conditioning systems. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Aircraft Dynamics Library 	Commercial library for modeling and simulating full aircraft and aircraft subsystems. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Alternative Vehicles Library 	Commercial library for hybrid vehicle power trains, battery-electric and fuel-cell vehicles 	DLR-FK 	LTX Simulation
Battery Library 	Commercial library for the design and analysis of electrical energy storage systems. 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
Belts Library 	Commercial library for static and dynamic analysis of belt drive systems 	Frank Rettig 	LTX Simulation
BG_RT Library 	Commercial library for real-time simulation with standard DAQ cards 	LTX Simulation 	LTX Simulation
BLDCD – Brushless DC Drives 	Commercial library for Brushless DC motors and controls 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
ClaRa+ Library 	Commercial library for Simulation of power stations and organic rankine cycles 	XRG Simulation , TLK-Thermo 	LTX Simulation & Dassault Systèmes
Cooling Library 	Commercial library for liquid and air cooling systems dedicated to batteries, electric drives and electronic thermal management 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
EDrives Library 	Commercial library for the simulation of transient and quasi static multi phase electric drives; the library includes modular speed, torque and flux control strategies for induction machines, permanent magnet synchronous machines and synchronous reluctances machines 	edrives.eu 	Dassault Systèmes & LTX Simulation GmbH
Electric Power Library 	Commercial library of electric power system components 	Modelon 	Modelon
Electrification Library 	Commercial library for the design, analysis, and control of electrified systems 	Modelon 	Modelon
Engine Dynamics Library 	Commercial library for combustion engine systems 	Modelon 	Modelon
Environmental Control Library 	Commercial library used to study aircraft energy consumption and thermal conditions as they affect comfort for passengers and crew. 	Modelon 	Modelon
EPTL - Electrified Powertrains Library 	Commercial library for design and application of electric drive systems. 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
Flexible Bodies Library 	Commercial library for flexible beams, annular plates and general FE-based bodies 	DLR-SR 	LTX Simulation & Dassault Systèmes
FluidDynamics Library 	Commercial library for Coarse-Grid CFD simulations 	XRG Simulation 	LTX Simulation * Dassault Systèmes
Fluid Power Library 	The Fluid Power Library is a library for modelling hydraulic systems such as those found in aircrafts, cars, excavators and many other types of machines. 	Claytex 	Claytex
Fuel Cell Library 	Commercial library for modeling simulation, analysis, and control design of fuel cells. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Fuel Systems Library 	Commercial library for modeling design and verification of fuel systems on civil and military aircraft. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Heat Exchanger Library 	Commercial library for heat exchanger design, dimensioning, and stacking. The library contains flat tube heat exchanger models supporting several flat tube and louvered fin designs. 	Modelon 	Modelon
HumanComfort Library 	Commercial library for Simulation of Air-Conditioned Zones in Buildings or Vehicles 	XRG Simulation 	LTX Simulation & Dassault Systèmes
HVAC Library 	Commercial library for Building HVAC systems 	XRG Simulation 	LTX Simulation & Dassault Systèmes
Hydraulics Library 	Commercial library of hydraulic components 	Modelon 	Modelon & MapleSim
Hydro Power Library 	Commercial library of hydro power system components 	Modelon 	Modelon
Hydrogen Library 	Commercial library for design and application of fuel cell systems 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
Jet Propulsion Library 	Commercial library for the modeling and simulation of jet engines, including the model-based design of integrated aircraft systems. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Liquid Cooling Library 	Commercial library for liquid cooling systems 	Modelon 	Modelon
OPCClassic 	OPCClassic is a Modelica library that allows you to link your simulation models to the real world by connecting to OPC servers. The library acts as an OPC client, enabling you to incorporate real, live data into your simulations. 	Wolfram 	Wolfram
Optimization library 	Commercial library for solving different optimization tasks (for Dymola) 	DLR-SR 	Dassault Systèmes
Pneumatics Library 	Commercial library of pneumatic components 	Modelon 	Modelon & MapleSim
Power Train Library 	Commercial library to model vehicle power trains as well as various planetary gearboxes with speed and torque dependent losses 	DLR-SR 	LTX Simulation & Dassault Systèmes
Process Systems Library 	Dynamic system models for process engineering. Includes an interface to KBC’s fluid property engine Multiflash. 	TLK Energy GmbH 	TLK Energy GmbH
ProcessingLine Library 	Complete set of mechanics and machinery components for the modelization of processing and handling of materials with the aim of determining their electrical consumption. 	Dofware srl 	Dofware srl
Rexroth BRSL 	The BRSL of Bosch Rexroth is a 1D simulation library with pre-parameterized, tested and validated models of Bosch Rexroth products. It provides everything from a single source that is needed to create a representation of the static, dynamic and kinematic properties of an entire machine or system in the form of a digital twin. 	Bosch Rexroth AG 	Bosch Rexroth AG
SmartCooling 	Commercial library developed for modeling and simulating cooling circuits especially suited for the automotive domain. 	AIT 	Wolfram
Smart Electric Drives Library 	Commercial library to model hybrid electric vehicles and new alternative concepts with electrical auxiliaries 	AIT 	Dassault Systèmes
Statistics Library 	Definition of Statistical Variations of Parameters and Variables 	Fraunhofer IIS EAS 	LTX Simulation
Thermal Power Library 	Commercial library for the simulation of combined cycle power plants and heat recovery steam generators 	Modelon 	Modelon
TIL 	Commercial library for steady-state and transient simulation of thermodynamic systems such as heat pump, refrigeration, a/c, cooling, hydrogen energy and Rankine systems. In addition to components and example systems already contained in TIL, many other subject-specific add-on libraries are available. 	TLK-Thermo GmbH 	TLK-Thermo GmbH
TILMedia 	The TILMedia library provides thermo-physical properties of incompressible liquids, vapor-gas mixtures, and real fluids very fast and accurate to various environments like Modelica, Excel, MATLAB/Simulink, LabVIEW, etc. TILMedia can be used through Modelica.Media and includes REFPROP. 	TLK-Thermo GmbH 	TLK-Thermo GmbH
UAV Dynamics Library 	UAV Dynamics library allows the user to build and analyse the flight dynamics of a UAV in a quick and intuitive modular approach. 	Claytex 	Claytex
Vapor Cycle Library 	Vapor Cycle Library is a Modelica model library for the design of vapor cycle systems, including vapor compression cycles for heating or cooling purposes as well as Rankine cycles for power generation and waste-heat recovery. 	Modelon 	Modelon
Vehicle Dynamics Library 	Commercial library for vehicle dynamics modeling 	Modelon 	Modelon
VeSyMA 	Developed as the cornerstone for the wider VeSyMA platform, the VeSyMA library itself initiates a top-level adaptable vehicle template layout, building upon the subsystem templates established in the open-source Vehicle Interfaces library. 	Claytex 	Claytex & Dassault Systèmes
VeSyMA - Engines 	The VeSyMA – Engines library is capable of modelling both Spark Ignition and Compression Ignition engines and supports two different levels of fidelity for the models. 	Claytex 	Claytex & Dassault Systèmes
VeSyMA - Driver-in-the-Loop 	The VeSyMA – Driver-in-the-Loop library for Dymola is used to interface Modelica vehicle dynamics models built with the VeSyMA solutions to rFpro so that they can be used in Driver-in-the-Loop (DiL) simulators. 	Claytex 	Claytex
VeSyMA - Motorsports 	The VeSyMA – Motorsports Library is a motorsport focussed part of the VeSyMA solution. This library delivers components, systems and experiments that are specific to motorsport applications and is used by customers in Formula 1, NASCAR, IndyCar and many other race series. 	Claytex 	Claytex
VeSyMA - Powertrain 	The Powertrain Dynamics library is a Modelica library for modelling rotating MultiBody systems like automotive powertrains. It has been designed to provide a convenient modelling methodology and deliver efficient simulation of these complex systems. 	Claytex 	Claytex & Dassault Systèmes
VeSyMA - Suspensions 	Focused on the optimisation and analysis of automotive and on-road vehicles, where the basic vehicle layout is that of a pair of independent linkages connected by an anti-roll bar, the Suspensions library provides the user with a turn-key solution to detailed vehicle dynamic analysis. 	Claytex 	Claytex & Dassault Systèmes
VeSyMA - Terrain Server 	The VeSyMA – Terrain Server Library provides an interface to the rFpro TerrainServer enabling high fidelity track data to be used in simulations running in Dymola. 	Claytex 	Claytex
Visualization Library 	Commercial library for advanced, model integrated, offline and real-time visualization 	DLR-SR 	LTX Simulation
Wind Power Library (WPL) 	Commercial library to study the dynamic behavior and control of modern wind power plants 	Dassault Systèmes 	Dassault Systèmes
Wolfram Hydraulic 	Commercial library that adds complete hydraulic functionality to Wolfram SystemModeler’s already powerful modeling capabilities. 	Wolfram 	Wolfram